README.md, before:

# energy-model
The project energy-model is a project which the students of Nicolai Parlog need to use by solving the tasks of the homework.
The homework is part of an computer science lecture at the university of applied science in Bingen, Germany.

## Homework-Tasks
1. setup 
	1. go to https://github.com/nicolaiparlog/energy-model, fork the project, and clone the fork (!) locally
	1. import the project into IntelliJ IDEA, take a look around, and run it
1. code 
	1. on GitHub, pick at least two of the issues you want to work on
	1. read the linked documents and ask questions on the issues if you're not sure what exactly you need to do
	1. create a new branch homework-NO for each issue (where NO is the issue number), solve the task, and commit the changes (in one or more commits)
1. sharing 
	1. push the branch to your fork, go back to GitHub and open a pull request for each from your branch in your fork to the master branch in the original project
	1. send a mail to nipa@codefx.org with a link to the pull request

## Source
The projects source code is a Kotlin-File named Main.kt.

Commit message:

added link to source-folder, made description of homework more generally

README.md, after:

# energy-model
The project *energy-model* is a project which the students of Nicolai Parlog need to use during their study of 
computer science at the university of applied science in Bingen, Germany. The project is made up a an example code 
which the students should adapt/improve. The code improvement is a part of different issues the students should focus on.
Go on with reading to get information about the detailed homework tasks.

## Homework Tasks
1. setup 
	1. go to https://github.com/nicolaiparlog/energy-model, fork the project, and clone the fork (!) locally
	1. import the project into IntelliJ IDEA, take a look around, and run it
1. code 
	1. on GitHub, pick one of the issues you want to work on. Choose wisely. For as the true grail will 
	bring you life, the false grail shall take it from you.
	1. read the linked documents and ask questions on the issues if you're not sure what exactly you need to do
	1. create a new branch homework-NO for each issue (where NO is the issue number), solve the task, and commit the changes (in one or more commits)
1. sharing 
	1. push the branch to your fork, go back to GitHub and open a pull request for each from your branch in your fork to the master branch in the original project
	1. send a mail to nipa@codefx.org with a link to the pull request
	1. keep an eye on the development of your pull request. Respond to questions or comments by the community.
	
#### This time you should choose at least **two issues** you want to work on.  
Make a pull request of the two issues until the **deadline on Monday, 1st of Mai in 2017**.

## Source
The source code of the project *energy-model* is a Kotlin-File named Main.kt.  
You can access the file in the project folder by clicking [here](src/main/kotlin).
